(AAP-29731) SME review on draft 2 (#2061)
ansible/aap-docs: stories/topics/con-saas-shape.adoc

Hop nodes typically require minimum resources. 
The shape of a hop node depends on the number of execution nodes connected to it. 
Typically a virtual machine (VM) with 2 vCPUs and 2 GB RAM can route traffic for 2-4 execution nodes.   
** For help with configuring your automation mesh see

> link:{BaseURL}/red_hat_ansible_automation_platform/{PlatformVers}/html/red_hat_ansible_automation_platform_automation_mesh_for_operator-based_installations/index[Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform Automation Mesh for operator-based installations].

Reviewer: What version of AAP will SaaS use?
Maybe create a Jira to update the {PlatformVers} when it becomes necessary
I'm concerned that it might clash with Azure moving to 2.5. We can discuss this in the Clouds / docs sync

Author: Good question, I assumed 2.5 but I shouldn't be assuming anything.

* If you have automation in fewer locations (such as geographies or other clouds) must create a mesh with fewer VMs that can be scaled vertically. 
Most clouds and hypervisors enable the ability to change shapes with minimal downtime.
* If you require CPU or RAM intensive automation, you need larger machine shapes.
* If you have automation that spans multiple locations (such as geographies or other clouds), create a mesh with nodes that enable connectivity to those locations.
* You can consider the use of different CPU architectures, like ARM, and reserved instances to reduce the cost of the execution plane.

> * If you are interested in configuring redundancy in the automation mesh, you can configure at least two mesh nodes of the same shape in the same region, but in different availability zones, with each machine connected to both mesh ingress hop nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you want to configure redundancy in the automation mesh, you can configure at least two mesh nodes of the same shape in the same region but in different availability zones, with each machine connected to both mesh ingress hop nodes.
```
